Allow to configure TenantIdResolveKey (#4349)
aspnetboilerplate/aspnetboilerplate: doc/WebSite/Multi-Tenancy.md

        the TenantId from an "Abp.TenantId" cookie value, if present. This uses the
        same constant explained above.

> By default ASP.NET Boilerplate uses "Abp.TenantId" to find TenantId from Cookie or Request Headers. You can change it using multi tenancy configuration like below;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, ASP.NET Boilerplate uses "Abp.TenantId" to find TenantId from Cookie or Request Headers. You can change it using multi-tenancy configuration:
```

````c#
Configuration.MultiTenancy.TenantIdResolveKey = "Abp-TenantId";
````

> You also need to configure it for the client side like below;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to configure it on the client side:
```

> ````javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````js
```

    public class Product : Entity, IMustHaveTenant
    {
        public int TenantId { get; set; }

>     

Reviewer: Shall we revert these whitespace additions?

Author: Done. I guess my editor adds them automatically.
